fix primary color codes (#48)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/operation/Migrate-a-name.md

---
layout: rsk
title: Migrate a name
---

To renew you domain's expiration, migrate your domain!

> Any name that has been registered using the <a href="">_Auction Model_</a> contract should be migrated to the new renovation model. From now on, every new domain registered under `.rsk` top level domain will be managed by the <a href="https://github.com/rnsdomains/rns-rskregistrar/blob/master/contracts/RSKOwner.sol">RSKOwner</a> contract. This contract is in charge of domain expirations.

Reviewer: Missing link

> Any name that has been registered using the <a href="/rif/rns/operation/Register-a-name-auction">_Auction Model_</a> contract should be migrated to the new renovation model. From now on, every new domain registered under `.rsk` top level domain will be managed by the <a href="https://github.com/rnsdomains/rns-rskregistrar/blob/master/contracts/RSKOwner.sol">RSKOwner</a> contract. This contract is in charge of domain expirations.

Reviewer 2: > should be migrated to the new renovation model

Can you link to the renovation model, like you have for the auction model?

> Once you migrated your name, follow <a href="/rif/rns/operation/Renew-a-name">this</a> guide to renew your domain's expiration.

Reviewer 2: Let's minimise the use of HTML where possible, and stick to markdown primitives where possible.

For example, instead of anchor tags we can use the `[text](url)` markdown syntax, like this:

```suggestion
Once you migrated your name, follow [this](/rif/rns/operation/Renew-a-name) guide to renew your domain's expiration.
```

Reviewer 3: Ack!

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> If name is not migrated before expiration, you will lose the domain ownership. In that case, you will be prompted to <a href="/rif/rns/operation/Register-a-name">register</a> again your domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a name is not migrated before expiration, you will lose the domain ownership. In that case, you will be prompted to <a href="/rif/rns/operation/Register-a-name">register</a> your domain again.
```

</div>

## How to migrate a name?

> Login to the <a href="https://beta.manager.rns.rifos.org/admin">RNS Manager</a>. You will see the following alert in the admin tab if your name was not migrated yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Login to the <a href="https://beta.manager.rns.rifos.org/admin">RNS Manager</a>. You will see the following alert in the admin tab if your name has not been migrated yet.
```

<img src="/assets/img/rns/migrate-button.png" class="img-fluid" alt="migrate-button" />

> Click on "migrate", sign the transaction and that's all!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on "migrate", sign the transaction, and you're done!
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

>     Devs: find migration by code <a href="/rif/rns/tools/Javascript">here</a>.

Reviewer 2: What does "find migration by code" mean?

Reviewer 3: Mmhh... missing page over there. I will remove the link and add it when we have more stuff for devs.
